Documentation - Centralized Telescope: Parameters (#103)
cardano-scaling/alba: docs/rustdoc/centralized_telescope/params/strategy.md

## Parameter selection strategy
- When $n_p$ is large:
    - If $n_p$ is at least $\lambda^3$, proof generation is straightforward.
    - The prover can find a valid proof in roughly the time it takes to process all elements.
    - The worst case, where the prover needs extra work, still remains within a manageable margin.
- When $n_p$ is small:
    - If $n_p < \lambda^3$, the standard approach no longer guarantees that the prover finds a valid proof quickly.
    - To fix this, we allow the prover to retry multiple times, increasing the chances of success without overwhelming computational cost.
    - Extra retries increase reliability, but they must be controlled to avoid unnecessary work.
- Handling intermediate cases ($\lambda^2 < n_p < \lambda^3$):
    - A hybrid strategy balances efficiency and reliability.
    - The prover makes more retries than in the large $n_p$ case but fewer than in the small $n_p$ case.
    - This keeps the average workload low while ensuring the proof remains trustworthy and compact.
- Keeping proof size practical:
    - The number of elements included in the proof remains almost unchanged, ensuring that verification remains efficient.

>     - Security adjustments are made to prevent the prover from taking shortcuts that might compromise reliability.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - The security parameters are further adjusted to increase overall reliability.
```
